index.md, before:

---
title: Leaflet/Sticker Campaign
---
# Leaflets
Link to download leaflets: \[WORK IN PROGRESS\]
# Stickers
Link to download stickers: \[WORK IN PROGRESS\]
# Overview
Over **1.4 million babies are circumcised annually**. Hospitals violate parental autonomy by pressuring parents to immediately circumcise their baby without being fully informed of the consequences, even though circumcisions can be delayed to any age (even at 90-years-old).
# Cost-Effectiveness
About **$20** on average to save a baby from circumcision.<sup>1</sup>
Studies show that providing informational leaflets can lead to behavioral changes. We used the most conservative estimates to calculate the $20 per baby saved, but we suspect the actual cost-effectiveness to be even higher in practice.
# Evidence of Impact
**Pending data from this campaign.**
To set a precedent on putting data and research first, after launching this website, we will monitor how many people visit and download from here.
We will also do another fundraiser to fund an MTurk study to validate and measure the efficacy of these leaflets/stickers and identify which rhetoric works best for different demographics. From this, we can create several tailored leaflets/stickers that can be downloaded and distributed effectively.

# Unaltered Interviews
[Leader of Unaltered interview Part 1 With Prevail over the system](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6QDtPiprgY)

## Footnotes
<sup>1</sup>Studies have found that anywhere from 1% to 40% of individuals who receive a booklet will change their behavior. Using the conservative 1% figure, at 7 cents per booklet, and with 70% of people becoming parents, it costs about $20 on average to save a baby from circumcision.

## Copyright
<p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://unaltered-skin.github.io/unaltered.github.io/">Unaltered</a> by <a rel="cc:attributionURL dct:creator" property="cc:attributionName" href="https://github.com/Unaltered-Skin">ludory</a> is marked with <a href="https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">CC0 1.0 Universal<img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/zero.svg?ref=chooser-v1"></a></p>


## Donations

> [!NOTE]
>
> Thank you for considering a donation to Unaltered. We are not a 501(c)3, so you will not get any tax deduction.
>
>  [KO-FI Unaltered](https://ko-fi.com/unaltered).

Commit message:

Saved index.md with Dillinger.io

index.md, after:

---
title: Leaflet/Sticker Campaign
---
# Leaflets
Link to download leaflets: \[WORK IN PROGRESS\]
# Stickers
Link to download stickers: \[WORK IN PROGRESS\]
# Overview
Over **1.4 million babies are circumcised annually**. Hospitals violate parental autonomy by pressuring parents to immediately circumcise their baby without being fully informed of the consequences, even though circumcisions can be delayed to any age (even at 90-years-old).
# Cost-Effectiveness
About **$20** on average to save a baby from circumcision.<sup>1</sup>
Studies show that providing informational leaflets can lead to behavioral changes. We used the most conservative estimates to calculate the $20 per baby saved, but we suspect the actual cost-effectiveness to be even higher in practice.
# Evidence of Impact
**Pending data from this campaign.**
To set a precedent on putting data and research first, after launching this website, we will monitor how many people visit and download from here.
We will also do another fundraiser to fund an MTurk study to validate and measure the efficacy of these leaflets/stickers and identify which rhetoric works best for different demographics. From this, we can create several tailored leaflets/stickers that can be downloaded and distributed effectively.

# Unaltered Interviews
[Leader of Unaltered interview Part 1 With Prevail over the system](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6QDtPiprgY)

## Footnotes
<sup>1</sup>Studies have found that anywhere from 1% to 40% of individuals who receive a booklet will change their behavior. Using the conservative 1% figure, at 7 cents per booklet, and with 70% of people becoming parents, it costs about $20 on average to save a baby from circumcision.

## Copyright
<p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://unaltered-skin.github.io/unaltered.github.io/">Unaltered</a> by <a rel="cc:attributionURL dct:creator" property="cc:attributionName" href="https://github.com/Unaltered-Skin">ludory</a> is marked with <a href="https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">CC0 1.0 Universal<img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/zero.svg?ref=chooser-v1"></a></p>

## Current GoFundMe Campaign
> we have a GoFundMe Campaign going on we are in an alliance with NEXT LEVEL INTACTIVISM
> [Empower NLI & Unaltered to Lower Circumcision Rates](https://www.gofundme.com/f/empower-nli-unaltered-to-lower-circumcision-rates)

# Past GofundMe Campaigns all fully funded and every single promise kept
> [HELP FUND NLI's Tele-Intactivism Voice Messages
](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-fund-nlis-teleintactivism-voice-messages)
[Fund DialMyCall Nevada Media Educational Outreach
](https://www.gofundme.com/f/fund-dialmycall-nevada-media-educational-outreach)
[HELP FUND NLIs Website and Email Marketing System
](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-fund-nlis-website-and-email-marketing-system)
## Donations

> [!NOTE]
>
> Thank you for considering a donation to Unaltered. We are not a 501(c)3, so you will not get any tax deduction.
>
>  [KO-FI Unaltered](https://ko-fi.com/unaltered).
